README.md, before:

# Wireguard

This is a simple Docker image to run a Wireguard client. It includes a kill switch to ensure that any traffic not encrypted via Wireguard is dropped.

Wireguard is implemented as a kernel module, which is key to its performance and simplicity. However, this means that Wireguard _must_ be installed on the host operating system for this container to work properly. Instructions for installing Wireguard can be found [here](http://wireguard.com/install).

You will need a configuration file for your Wireguard interface. Many VPN providers will create this configuration file for you. For example, [here](http://mullvad.net/en/download/wireguard-config) is the configuration generator for Mullvad. Be sure to NOT include a kill switch in the configuration file, since the Docker image already has one.

Now simply mount the configuration file and run! For example, if your configuration file is located at `/path/to/conf/mullvad.conf`:

```bash
docker run --name wireguard                                          \
    --cap-add NET_ADMIN                                              \
    --cap-add SYS_MODULE                                             \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.conf.all.src_valid_mark=1                      \
    -v /path/to/conf/mullvad.conf:/etc/wireguard/mullvad.conf        \
    jordanpotter/wireguard
```

Afterwards, you can link other containers to this one:

```bash
docker run -it --rm                                                  \
    --net=container:wireguard                                        \
    appropriate/curl http://httpbin.org/ip
```

## Docker Compose

Here is the same example as above, but using Docker Compose:

```yml
services:
  wireguard:
    container_name: wireguard
    image: jordanpotter/wireguard
    cap_add:
      - NET_ADMIN
      - SYS_MODULE
    sysctls:
      net.ipv4.conf.all.src_valid_mark: 1
    volumes:
      - /path/to/conf/mullvad.conf:/etc/wireguard/mullvad.conf
    restart: unless-stopped

  curl:
    image: appropriate/curl
    command: http://httpbin.org/ip
    network_mode: service:wireguard
    depends_on:
      - wireguard
```

## Local Network

If you wish to allow traffic to your local network, specify the subnet using the `LOCAL_SUBNET` environment variable:

```bash
docker run --name wireguard                                          \
    --cap-add NET_ADMIN                                              \
    --cap-add SYS_MODULE                                             \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.conf.all.src_valid_mark=1                      \
    -v /path/to/conf/mullvad.conf:/etc/wireguard/mullvad.conf        \
    -e LOCAL_SUBNET=10.0.0.0/8                                       \
    jordanpotter/wireguard
```

Additionally, you can expose ports to allow your local network to access services linked to the Wireguard container:

```bash
docker run --name wireguard                                          \
    --cap-add NET_ADMIN                                              \
    --cap-add SYS_MODULE                                             \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.conf.all.src_valid_mark=1                      \
    -v /path/to/conf/mullvad.conf:/etc/wireguard/mullvad.conf        \
    -p 8080:80                                                       \
    jordanpotter/wireguard
```

```bash
docker run -it --rm                                                  \
    --net=container:wireguard                                        \
    nginx
```

## Versioning

Wireguard is new technology and its behavior may change in the future. For this reason, it's recommended to specify an image tag when running this container, such as `jordanpotter/wireguard:2.1.3`.

The available tags are listed [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/jordanpotter/wireguard/tags).

Commit message:

docs: describe what this fork is for

README.md, after:

# Fork

* At startup run PIA Wireguard authentication scripts to generate `wg0.conf`. According to https://github.com/pia-foss/manual-connections/pull/111#issuecomment-822824399 the Wireguard public key is deleted after a few hours of inactivity. Therefore, if your server is not online 24/7 this your Wireguard configuration might not longer be invalid.

# Wireguard

This is a simple Docker image to run a Wireguard client. It includes a kill switch to ensure that any traffic not encrypted via Wireguard is dropped.

Wireguard is implemented as a kernel module, which is key to its performance and simplicity. However, this means that Wireguard _must_ be installed on the host operating system for this container to work properly. Instructions for installing Wireguard can be found [here](http://wireguard.com/install).

You will need a configuration file for your Wireguard interface. Many VPN providers will create this configuration file for you. For example, [here](http://mullvad.net/en/download/wireguard-config) is the configuration generator for Mullvad. Be sure to NOT include a kill switch in the configuration file, since the Docker image already has one.

Now simply mount the configuration file and run! For example, if your configuration file is located at `/path/to/conf/mullvad.conf`:

```bash
docker run --name wireguard                                          \
    --cap-add NET_ADMIN                                              \
    --cap-add SYS_MODULE                                             \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.conf.all.src_valid_mark=1                      \
    -v /path/to/conf/mullvad.conf:/etc/wireguard/mullvad.conf        \
    jordanpotter/wireguard
```

Afterwards, you can link other containers to this one:

```bash
docker run -it --rm                                                  \
    --net=container:wireguard                                        \
    appropriate/curl http://httpbin.org/ip
```

## Docker Compose

Here is the same example as above, but using Docker Compose:

```yml
services:
  wireguard:
    container_name: wireguard
    image: jordanpotter/wireguard
    cap_add:
      - NET_ADMIN
      - SYS_MODULE
    sysctls:
      net.ipv4.conf.all.src_valid_mark: 1
    volumes:
      - /path/to/conf/mullvad.conf:/etc/wireguard/mullvad.conf
    restart: unless-stopped

  curl:
    image: appropriate/curl
    command: http://httpbin.org/ip
    network_mode: service:wireguard
    depends_on:
      - wireguard
```

## Local Network

If you wish to allow traffic to your local network, specify the subnet using the `LOCAL_SUBNET` environment variable:

```bash
docker run --name wireguard                                          \
    --cap-add NET_ADMIN                                              \
    --cap-add SYS_MODULE                                             \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.conf.all.src_valid_mark=1                      \
    -v /path/to/conf/mullvad.conf:/etc/wireguard/mullvad.conf        \
    -e LOCAL_SUBNET=10.0.0.0/8                                       \
    jordanpotter/wireguard
```

Additionally, you can expose ports to allow your local network to access services linked to the Wireguard container:

```bash
docker run --name wireguard                                          \
    --cap-add NET_ADMIN                                              \
    --cap-add SYS_MODULE                                             \
    --sysctl net.ipv4.conf.all.src_valid_mark=1                      \
    -v /path/to/conf/mullvad.conf:/etc/wireguard/mullvad.conf        \
    -p 8080:80                                                       \
    jordanpotter/wireguard
```

```bash
docker run -it --rm                                                  \
    --net=container:wireguard                                        \
    nginx
```

## Versioning

Wireguard is new technology and its behavior may change in the future. For this reason, it's recommended to specify an image tag when running this container, such as `jordanpotter/wireguard:2.1.3`.

The available tags are listed [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/jordanpotter/wireguard/tags).
